[chore] Remove outdated manual collector self-monitoring dashboards (#680)
Dynatrace/dynatrace-otel-collector: docs/dashboards/README.md

# Dashboards

This directory contains pre-configured dashboards for the Dynatrace OpenTelemetry Collector:

- [Host Dashboard](Host%20Dashboard.md): This dashboard visualizes Host-based metrics ingested via the OpenTelemetry collector using the `hostmetrics` receiver and `resourcedetection` processor.

These dashboards can be imported in the [Dashboards App](https://docs.dynatrace.com/docs/shortlink/dashboards) in your Dynatrace tenant and you can further tailor them to your needs.

> Beyond that, Dynatrace features built-in dashboards as part of the [OpenTelemetry Dashboards App](https://www.dynatrace.com/hub/detail/opentelemetry-dashboards/), available for direct installation in your tenant via [Dynatrace Hub](https://docs.dynatrace.com/docs/shortlink/hub).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beyond that, Dynatrace features ready-made dashboards as part of the [OpenTelemetry Dashboards App](https://www.dynatrace.com/hub/detail/opentelemetry-dashboards/), available for direct installation in your tenant via [Dynatrace Hub](https://docs.dynatrace.com/docs/shortlink/hub).
```
